Get user media constraints resizemode (#41153)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediatrackconstraints/index.md

{{APIRef("Media Capture and Streams")}}

The **`MediaTrackConstraints`** dictionary is used to describe a set of media capabilities and the value or values each can take on.

> A constraints dictionary is passed into the {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.applyConstraints", "applyConstraints()")}} method of the {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}} interface to allow a script to establish a set of exact (required) values or ranges and/or preferred values or ranges of values for the track, and the most recently-requested set of custom constraints can be retrieved by calling {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.getConstraints", "getConstraints()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A constraints dictionary is passed into the {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.applyConstraints", "applyConstraints()")}} method of the {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}} interface to allow a script to establish a set of exact (required) values or ranges and/or preferred values or ranges of values for the track.

 The most recently-requested set of custom constraints can be retrieved by calling {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.getConstraints", "getConstraints()")}}.
```

> Objects of this type may also be passed to the {{domxref("MediaDevices/getUserMedia","getUserMedia()")}} and {{domxref("MediaDevices/getDisplayMedia","getDisplayMedia()")}} methods of the {{domxref("MediaDevices")}} interface in order to specify constraints on a media stream requested from hardware such as a camera or microphone, and from a screen or window capture, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Objects of this type may also be passed to:

- The {{domxref("MediaDevices.getUserMedia()")}} method, to specify constraints on a media stream requested from hardware such as a camera or microphone.

- The {{domxref("MediaDevices.getDisplayMedia()")}} method, to specify constraints on a media stream requested from a screen or window capture.
```

  - : A [`ConstrainULong`](#constrainulong) specifying the video height or range of heights which are acceptable and/or required.
- {{domxref("MediaTrackConstraints.width", "width")}}
  - : A [`ConstrainULong`](#constrainulong) specifying the video width or range of widths which are acceptable and/or required.
- `resizeMode`
  - : A [`ConstrainDOMString`](#constraindomstring) object specifying a mode or an array of modes the UA can use to derive the resolution and frame rate of a video track.
    Allowed values are:
    - `crop-and-scale`
      - : The user agent can use cropping and downscaling of resolution or frame rate on the raw output from the hardware/OS, in order to satisfy other constraints.
        This constraint allows developers to get a downscaled video even if the particular format indicated by their constraints is not natively supported by the hardware.
    - `none`
      - : The user agent uses the resolution provided by the underlying hardware, such as a camera or its driver, or the OS.

>     If `resizeMode` is unspecified the browser will choose a resolution based on a [fitness distance](https://w3c.github.io/mediacapture-main/#dfn-fitness-distance) that considers the specified constraints and _both_ of the allowed values.

Author: @wbamberg I added this line since last review to make it clear that there is no explicit default - just a calculation that works out what would be best based on the constraints with `none` and the constraints with  `crop-and-scale` set.
